[soft music playing]
She's so cute
Those dewy eyes,
those plump pink lips.
That short fluffy hair.
Her perfectly shaped chest,
neither too big nor too small.
Those hips.
And the fact that she
seems like a serious,
slightly plain girl
makes it even better.
A girl like that, wearing
a costume like that,
it's too much.
The girl with the cat ears.
I just
I love her.
[gasps]
love
I love her?
This is love?
Love.
Love!
My chest feels tight.
My heart can't stop pounding.
Just thinking about her,
makes my nerve endings
dance with excitement,
this feeling,
it's glorious.
[bell chimes]
I've never felt such a
wonderful sensation before,
the whole world looks
like it's sparkling.
The trees, the grass,
the insects, the animals.
They're all shimmering,
makes me feel like I
was glad to be born.
Mom, dad,
I'm sorry I'm so
late in telling you,
but thank you for
giving birth to me,
I was brought into this
world for just one purpose.
So I can meet this girl.
[gasps]
I feel such an attraction.
I wanna go to her.
I want to see her up close.
I want to tell her how I feel.
[Kanade] Hajime!
What are you doing Hajime?
[Hajime gasps]
Hajime?
what's the matter?
Well, to tell you
the honest truth,
I uhh.
I've needed to,
to go to the bathroom
for quite a little while now.
Could you take over
watching these guys?
Excuse me?
[opening theme music]
Did you say you need
to use the bathroom?
yes
Go ahead. And no,
one's watching.
I may be your servant,
but I still get shy
like anyone else.
Just hurry up and
get it over with.
But as I just said,
I'd get embarrassed. Plus
it would be rude of me.
So if you'll excuse me.
[wings flapping]
I'm Hajime Sokotani
I fell madly in love with you
From the very moment
I laid eyes on you.
I'd like to know more about you.
Saki You can do this.
Could you please free the
people inside that glass house
and let them go?
But I'm Mr Poliman's servant,
that be against his orders.
They're important to me.
I want them released now.
If not I'll be upset.
Oh, they're important?
How can I refuse?
I'd do anything for you.
If it would make you happy.
I mean, anything at all.
All you have to do
is say the word.
[sword clangs]
Hajime what are you doing?
I am trying to rescue
the important people
trapped in here.
I'm not sure you'll
understand it,
but I'm compelled to do
this for the person I love.
The person you love?
He's been red arrowed.
All right Saki it worked.
Nice going
Hajime don't you do it.
[sword clangs]
Do you hear that Mr Mukaido?
Yeah, but it could be a trap.
Watch out.
Don't let your guard down.
[Revel] It's not a trap.
Revel?
Our lovely lady
warrior in yellow,
finally got her wings
and came to save you.
She shot this guy
with a red arrow.
You mean Saki?
I didn't realize
they had more allies.
The second rank angel Revel
probably got promoted
to first rank.
After that he must
have given her wings.
For now, we can
probably ignore Mukaido.
He'll die soon enough.
But that other idiot
could come back
and make things difficult.
Hajime
Yes sir.
I thought you were determined
to become my servant.
Your servant.
I think ex servant
would be more accurate.
[suspenseful music]
I'd lost all hope in this world.
And then I saw
you on television.
It looks to me like you were
going to destroy the world
and that you'd grant me my wish.
But now,
this girl has helped me
realize the meaning of life.
Mukaido is willing to sacrifice
himself for his family.
I understand that feeling now,
I understand it intensely.
My eyes are now open.
So I'll give that girl
everything I have to offer.
I can't believe you're
stupid enough to get shot.
Nobody's going to fall
in love with an idiot
Who's clearly had work done.
And who's swinging
a sword around
You can say what
you like Mr Poliman
I realized something wonderful
because of that red arrow.
As a result,
the words of a person who
doesn't value human life
means nothing to me now.
I see everything clearly.
[strong wing blows]
I'm on my way to kill you now.
You and the woman
who shot you as well.
We finally get to meet the boss.
Let's see one, two,
so there are three of us huh?
This is just so
exhilarating, Ain't it?
[glass cracks]
Finally.
What's that thing?
[Bakumatsu crashes]
That sucks,
I screwed up my landing.
Oh please.
You're just trying
to show off as usual.
[arrow unsheathes]
If we could only
dip these in poison,
they'd basically
be White Arrows.
Boss lets' use this to
blow up the mirror house.
That's no good.
Huh
if you do that, they'll
just fly to safety.
Flooding it with gas
would be a better idea
Nice pair of Cat ears
good to meet you.
Where did the others come from?
[arrow unsheathes]
Well, aren't you all cool.
But as you can see now
it's four against two.
I've already been shot
with an Arrow of Love.
Only white arrows can
harm me now Mr Poliman.
That means I just
need to focus on you.
Really?
Huh what's that?
Mr Mukaido, the roof.
It's the tip of his sword.
All right. We'll
escape through there,
[gunshots blasting]
[glass shattering]
This'll work!
Mirai!
Mr Mukaido, are you all right?
Yeah.
Guys
Saki
Did you see?
I have wings.
I noticed
and thank you.
And the best thing is now
I can fight alongside you.
You sure can.
Looks like we have an ally
who's been hit with
Saki's red arrow.
So now it's four against four.
What do you say Metropoliman?
How about we settle
this once and for all.
That won't happen. Mr Mukaido,
speaking as the
newly anointed angel
who understands human emotions
I can tell you Metropoliman
is only willing to fight
when he has an
overwhelming advantage.
Its true,
and having fewer advanced
angels does put me at risk.
That's all the more reason
for the dastardly Metropoliman
not to fight.
Both sides should stand
down and settle this later.
Revel
If you call them names,
don't you risk provoking
him to attack us.
Now that rebel is
the Angel of emotion.
I think he can understand
Saki's feelings
because he's always around her.
But he doesn't understand
Metropoliman's emotions.
And I can tell that
he's now evaluating
Mr Mukaido's feelings.
Mr Mukaido is
running out of time.
I want to help him settle
things here and now.
That's it. I'm taking my
family to a safe place.
Don't be ridiculous.
There are no safe places.
That's fine.
Go ahead.
We'll wait for you.
We wouldn't be able to battle
all out with them here anyway.
I see.
He intends to fight
[eerie music plays]
[wings whoosh]
What is this place?
Don't worry.
We've taken security
measures. You'll be safe here.
Nanaka will join you soon.
Wait,
I don't understand what exactly
are you fighting against?
Metropoliman appears to be evil
and he plans to rule over all
of humanity as a dictator.
Your husband has helped
to assemble a force
to fight for the
future of civilization.
Is that what you're doing?
In my case
I think I'm being
punished by God.
What?
It sounds strange, but
I'm atoning for my sins.
I feel like God is somehow
testing me to find out
if I'm worthy of being
allowed to continue living.
He's testing you?
Saki.
There's something
I want to tell you.
I wanna blow some people
away with this thing
That's Ryuji Bakumatsu,
the ex-Self Defense Force guy
who made off with an arsenal.
I heard that a
bunch of explosives
on three nine millimeter guns
went missing after I left.
Was that your
doing Metropoliman?
I'm locked and loaded with
a Type 87 5.56 mm rifle,
two 12.7 mm heavy machine guns,
and an 84 mm recoilless rifle!
Hey, quit babbling. Will you?
You want me to shut him up?
I can give him a downer.
What are you, a junkie?
How rude.
I happen to specialize in the
development of bio weapons.
So don't you go
calling me a junky
[wings flapping]
Nanaka let's go
Okay.
Mirai, I have a
message from Revel
[shocked gasp]
Got it. I'll be ready
when that happens.
Okay, let's go see your mom.
Daddy
[wings flapping]
Go on now.
Their one goal in
fighting me is to kill me.
But neither Mukaido's
bullets nor Hajime's swords
can pierce my upgraded suit.
So the main threat is the
guy with the White Arrow.
But for some reason
I can't fathom,
he doesn't want to kill people.
That gives me an advantage.
Cat-Girls angel only recently
got promoted to first-rank,
so she has no weapons.
Everyone on my side
is a lethal warrior
who's itching to kill someone.
It'll be a crushing victory.
In the end, it's always
people who kill people
[wings flapping]
Okay? Shall we begin?
By the way, I'd like
to ask you something.
Are you really prepared to
kill these ordinary people?
I've shot with red arrows
and assembled here.
Nice try.
There's nothing
ordinary about them.
Excuse me. I don't understand.
Am I not allowed to kill them?
Let me ask you something.
If I told you to kill them,
could you actually do it.
For you? I'd kill them.
The person I was before
I fell in love with you
might have eventually
been able to kill someone
out of desperation.
But I'm different now.
Now, now that I've met you,
I feel the joy of living
coursing through my entire body.
And
No matter who it is, if you
want me to, I can kill them.
My life has value only when
it is used in service to you.
This man truly is interesting.
Red arrows are very
effective on this human
You're, right.
He'd really kill someone for me.
I'm more convinced than ever.
To ensure humanity's future.
You can kill metropoliman.
Saki
We're forced to kill
him before he kills us.
But....
[arrow unsheathing]
Don't worry about it.
I won't tell you to
use your white arrow.
You know what this
means? Don't you Red?,
I'm sorry for dragging
you into this.
You too Yellow.
[arrows unsheathing]
Ready?
[powers activate]
Mr Mukaido
I'd do anything for you.
I love him so much. I
can't look him in the eye.
Unlike the rest of the time.
He seems so dependable
when he's fighting.
I do anything for Mirai.
I'm sorry Aya
but it was necessary in order
for us to fight together.
Let's finish with this
guy once and for all
[all] right,
what the hell do they
think they're doing?
You really are pretty
stupid. Aren't you?
Our Red Arrows can't
pierce them anymore.
That means, if we want to
take their wings and arrows,
we're gonna have to
kill each of them
Exactly what I
expected them to do.
All right,
now you're the only one
vulnerable to a red arrow.
In that case, I won't get
involved until the endgame.
If you want me,
you'll have to beat
the other three first.
In other words, I still
control the field.
What's the stop you from fleeing
the instant you're
at a disadvantage.
I won't run.
Huh?
That sounded sincere.
He's not lying.
Enough talking.
Let's get this thing
started already
in order to protect Ms cat ears
I'll fight you to the end
[gunshots blaring]
So, what do you think of
the firepower of these
12.7 mm machine guns?
They're meant for
anti-aircraft use!
But I'm in a strengthened
military assist suit,
meaning I'm the only
one who's able to use
two of 'em at once!
Hunting humans is a real kick!
Taking them down is
an even bigger kick!
Being the victor is the
biggest kick of all.
Surprise.
I can Dodge these
bullets easily.
Huh
When we're flying,
those bullets are
in slow-motion.
God candidates fight
with Arrows and Wings.
Ready? Come on.
Alright..
How about my 84 mm
recoilless rifle?
Get hit by this and there'll
be nothing left of you
Got him!
Can't hit me!
Arrows and Wings
can't be hit by objects
from the human world.
But Arrows can
affect other Arrows
And likewise wings can
affect other wings.
A person's set of
Wings work fine
if they're unimpeded.
But if two people
use their Wings
to restrain someone's
attached pair,
that person can't fly anymore.
What's going on? I can't move
En garde.
My right arm!
Oh my God, he cut off my arm!
If you hurry to a doctor,
you can get it reattached
[Fuyuko laughing]
They did it
I'm impressed Revel.
You are more
knowledgeable than I am
and your assessment was perfect.
I don't know about that.
I was always the
angel of trickery.
I came up with that plan because
I acquired new knowledge.
Things are just starting.
Saki.
I'm sorry Mirai
I'm just.
I know, let's do our best.
Fuyuko I'm thinking it's
time for a new approach.
Indeed.
You wanna guess what
this little number does
I call it Fuyuko's
Special Virus.
Its the strongest virus that
has ever existed in history.
I created it by repeatedly
recombining a white
blood cell base.
What!
The best part about this hybrid
is that it causes
severe immunodeficiency.
And since I developed
it to be airborne,
it's incredibly infectious.
Watch as it does its thing
Look, mousie is absorbing
all the pathogens
and bacteria in the air!
Its going through
hell, isn't it?
[Fuyuko laughs maniacally]
Understand. If I
set this baby loose,
millions of people will die.
It would be an act of bio
terrorism on an unprecedented
scale.
Oh, just thinking about it
has got me so turned on!
There are only two ways
to spread this baby.
It goes airborne. When the
switch is pressed or when I die,
there's a chip
embedded in my heart.
And I'm the only one who
could keep it from going off.
These people are totally insane.
Oh my. From the
looks on your faces.
I can see you don't
want me to activate it.
Okay, fine.
I'll consider your concerns.
But only if you
accept my conditions,
I want to test my new
drug that melts people.
And I want you to
be my Guinea pigs.
Melts?
Yes
Can you imagine?
I can't wait to try
it out on a human!
I wanna watch some
person melt away
into a steaming pile of mush!
I wanna try it out so bad!
Red, I've decided you'll
be her first guinea pig.
land on that ferris wheel
and stow your wings.
What I learned from
fighting you guys
is that taking hostages is
the most effective tactic.
And the more
hostages, the better.
You said you weren't
going to kill anyone
besides God candidates.
I'm telling you that
naive nature of yours
is so irritating.
Lies don't mean anything
when you're trying to kill
each other, you idiot.
As long as you four die,
I won't have to kill anyone
except other God candidates.
So the deal is
either the four of us die here
or millions of other
people will die instead.
[graphics whirring]